Add OTLP stdout exporter (#4183)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/protocol/file-exporter.md

## Table of Contents

- [Use Cases](#use-cases)
- [Exporter configuration](#exporter-configuration)
  - [Programmatic configuration](#programmatic-configuration)
- [JSON File serialization](#json-file-serialization)
  - [File storage requirements](#file-storage-requirements)
    - [JSON lines file](#json-lines-file)
    - [Streaming appending](#streaming-appending)
  - [Telemetry data requirements](#telemetry-data-requirements)
  - [Examples](#examples)

## Use Cases

Why do we need a file exporter - why not just use the OTLP exporter?

- *Faas*: In a FaaS environment, the OTLP exporter may not be able to send data to a collector.
- *Consistent log scraping from pods*: In a Kubernetes environment, logs are often scraped from the stdout pod file.
  This exporter can be used to write logs to stdout - which makes it easier to integrate with existing log scraping tools.
  Existing solutions add metadata, such as the trace ID, to the log line,
  which needs manual configuration and is error-prone.

> - *Reliability*: Writing to a file is more reliable than sending data over the network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *Reliability*: Some prefer writing logs to a file rather than sending data over the network for reliability reasons.
```

{"resourceLogs":[{"resource":{"attributes":[{"key":"resource-attr","value":{"stringValue":"resource-attr-val-1"}}]},"scopeLogs":[{"scope":{},"logRecords":[{"timeUnixNano":"1581452773000009875","severityNumber":9,"severityText":"Info","body":{"stringValue":"This is a log message"},"attributes":[{"key":"app","value":{"stringValue":"server"}},{"key":"instance_num","value":{"intValue":"1"}}],"droppedAttributesCount":1,"traceId":"08040201000000000000000000000000","spanId":"0102040800000000"},{"timeUnixNano":"1581452773000000789","severityNumber":9,"severityText":"Info","body":{"stringValue":"something happened"},"attributes":[{"key":"customer","value":{"stringValue":"acme"}},{"key":"env","value":{"stringValue":"dev"}}],"droppedAttributesCount":1,"traceId":"","spanId":""}]}]}]}
```

> ## Exporter

Reviewer 2: Can we move the newly added section before `JSON File serialization` section?

> ## Exporter
> 
> ### Stdout exporter
> 
> #### Configuration

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Exporter configuration
```

The metric exporter MUST support the environment variables defined in the
[OTLP Exporter](../metrics/sdk_exporters/otlp.md#additional-environment-variable-configuration)
specification.

If a language provides a mechanism to automatically configure a

> Span or Traces processor to pair with the associated

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
span or logs processor to pair with the associated
```

exporter (e.g., using the [`OTEL_TRACES_EXPORTER` environment
variable](../configuration/sdk-environment-variables.md#exporter-selection)), by

> default the standard output exporter SHOULD be paired with a batching

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
default the OpenTelemetry Protocol File Exporter SHOULD be paired with a batching
```
